Okay, now, I went here, and I categorized
as More-Risky, Less-Risky,
and let's say that we're easily within my constraints here
'cause I got 65% More-Risky and 35% Less-Risky,
but watch this.
If I change this one here, and sometimes you're gonna,
see how sometimes it doesn't work?
Right?
Usually, you can select.
Sometimes, after you select, it won't let you,
but if I just copy that and then paste that below, see,
and now it says, my More-Risky exposure is 70%
versus the limit of 65, so I'm above that.
So I'm gonna Control + Z that, okay.
Okay, but anyway, you just click there,
and you should be able to select the entry.
If it doesn't let you, which is highly unusual,
then just copy and paste, but usually, it's like this.
You click there, and it lets you do it.
Okay, great.
Sometimes after you've already selected it,
it's a little finicky.
It's fine, okay, great.
Okay, you can enter additional comments here, and that's it.
We're done with, I'm done showing you the example data here.
But one more thing I wanna show you
is if we go here to Dashboard Summary,
because I've entered in stock information now
in Position Holdings, this has now
been updated automatically.
See that?
Isn't that cool?
And these are all the tickers, right,
and I think I've got 20 of them here, okay.
And you can mouse over, and sometimes it gives you
more information if you want,
but you should remember all the tickers.
If you're not sure which ones are which,
just go directly to the Portfolio here,
and you'll be able to decipher which one's which.
So, for example, SPYG, if I can't remember what that is,
I'll just click here, and I'll look here.
SPYG, and we can see it's a SPDR Portfolio S&P Growth ETF.
Okay.
Oh, one more thing I want to show you.
Now, I'm gonna go change our currency, okay.
So, in US dollars, see that, we have $99,996.
Remember, I lost $4 today.
So right here is the total in US dollars.
Now, what I can also do is I can check
to see what the value of this Portfolio is in my currency.
Okay, so I don't know what country you're watching
this from, but you click here, or Setting, same thing,
and let's say we change our country,
and I'm gonna make a random one.
Here we go, boom.
All right, Morocco.
And then, I'm gonna go here, and I'm gonna go
down to Morocco, show you how ignorant I am,
dirham, okay, I didn't know
that was the name of the currency, sorry.
That's the value there when I made this course
of the exchange rate, and if you click here,
you can get a more recent exchange rate.
See how exchange rate's already changed
since I created this?
Okay, great.
So let's go to our Portfolio page here to see
what the (mumbles) value is in Moroccan currency,
and there it is.
So the value, and that makes sense because it's close
to a nine to 10 to one ratio to US dollar.
That's the value of our Portfolio in the Moroccan currency.
Again, I want to stress that these 10 diversification rules
that I'm giving you are general guidelines,
and I recommend following many
of these rules if you want to.
Okay, so thank you very much.
Again, if you have questions, let me know,
and we're almost done with the course.